Which horror film series features a murderous doll possessed by a serial killer, who goes on a murderous rampage?
Child's Play
Which was the last feature film of screen legend Paul Newman, which was also the highest grossing movie of his career?
Cars
What is Captain Jack Sparrow's key catch-phrase in all the Pirates of the Caribbean films?
Savvy?
Which is the first Walt Disney animated classic, the first animated full-color movie to be produced?
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
Which is the first movie in the James Bond film franchise?
Dr. No
Which is Angelina Jolie's first and least discussed film?
Cyborg 2
Which British actor has adopted a unique voice or accent, for each character he has played? (Hint: Is a supporting character in a famous super-hero film series)
Gary Oldman
Which movie of Christian's Bale involved him taking up crash dieting, smoking and losing 63 pounds to look the part of a emaciated, depressed and sickened mechanic?
The Machinist
Two Martin Scorsese directed films, both starring Robert De Niro and deal with the world of crime, have a noted very high rate of using the F-word. Goodfellas is one, what is the other?
Casino
Which Coen Brothers cult classic film, features the principal character hanging out at a bowling alley all the time but the character never actually bowls?
The Big Lebowski
In the Harry Potter film franchise, what does the Hogwarts motto "Draco dormiens nunquam titillandus" mean?
Never tickle a sleeping dragon.
Johnny Depp plays a famous Scottish playwright in the movie "Finding Neverland". Name that playwright.
J. M. Barrie
What is the real name of the creature Gollum from the Lord of the Rings movie trilogy, which is revealed by Frodo in the Two Towers movie?
Smeagol
"Here's looking at you, kid!" (Name the movie.)
Casablanca
"I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog too!" (Name the movie.)
The Wizard of Oz
"Oh, no, it wasn't the airplanes. It was Beauty killed the Beast!" (Name the movie.)
King Kong
"He won't come after me. He won't. I can't explain it. He would consider that...rude." (Name the movie.)
The Silence of the Lambs
"Didn't I kill you already?" (Name the movie.)
Hellboy
"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here. This is the War Room!" (Name the movie.)
Dr Strangelove
"Look how they massacred my boy." (Name the movie.)
The Godfather
"I'm walking here! I'm walking here!" (Name the movie.)
Midnight Cowboy
"You had me at 'hello"! (Name the movie.)
Jerry Maguire
"Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary." (Name the movie.)
Dead Poets Society
